It's the boss who just came here a few days ago.
Just let me go to a period of time,
I won't go. You must go.
This is too ridiculous, I already like the person.
This root is already clearly visible in my body,
Did you want to piss me off to death?
If you don't agree, I will be discharged from the hospital now,
Stop moving,
I promised, you go,
Don't move, don't move,
Stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, Stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, stop moving, Don't move, don't move
How to do this?
Tell me how much you think about your family
What do you mean
I don't want to say something like that and then I don't have it
Mom is here
I'm back home
Okay, wait for me